doc (#4097)
ant-design/ant-design-mobile: docs/guide/quick-start.en.md

# Quick Start

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install --save antd-mobile@next
# or
$ yarn add antd-mobile@next
```

> <Alert> During the beta phase we may release break changes in subsequent releases, so it is highly recommended to use lockfile to lock the version or lock the version manually.</Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert> During the beta phase we may release break changes in subsequent releases, so it is highly recommended to lock the version of antd-mobile with lockfiles or manually.</Alert>
```

## Import

> Just import the component directly and antd-mobile will automatically load the css style file for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just import the component directly and antd-mobile will automatically load css style files:
```

```js
import { Button } from 'antd-mobile'
```

> If you are developing an internal Alibaba/Ant project, then please read [this additional guide](https://yuque.antfin.com/antd-mobile/kfcgs3/md4or5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are developing an internal project in alibaba group or ant group, please read [this additional guide](https://yuque.antfin.com/antd-mobile/kfcgs3/md4or5).
```

> ## Online Experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Playground
```

> If you don't want to configure your environment locally, you can also experience it directly on [codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/antd-mobile-snrxr?file=/package.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to configure your environment locally, you can also try it directly on [codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/antd-mobile-snrxr?file=/package.json).
```
